Release 81.0.0 (#2964)
MetaMask/snaps: packages/snaps-cli/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [6.6.0]

### Added

- Allow async initialization logic ([#2918](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps/pull/2918))

>   - This means that top-level-await is now available in Snaps.
>   - This also means that WASM modules are instantiated asynchrounously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Top-level-await is now available in Snaps.
  - WASM modules are instantiated asynchronously.
```
